[TEAMCITY] Update project dependencies (#1327)
Deltares/imod-python: docs/api/changelog.rst

Fixed
~~~~~

> - Fixed bug were HFB package could not be dumped, clipped, or copied with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug were :class:`HorizontalFlowBarrierResistance` and :class:`HorizontalFlowBarrierSingleLayerResistance` packages could not be dumped, clipped, or copied with 
```

Reviewer 2: Changed it
